ParaType Inc. Electronic License Agreement
Free Font Software

IMPORTANT
Please read the contents of this Licensing Agreement carefully before you install 
font software of ParaType. As it is accepted in world practice software distribution 
is carried out by licensing agreements concluded between the owner of the 
copyrights and the end user. A licensing agreement provides approved rights to use 
purchased software. First of all, it prohibited arbitrary copying of purchased 
programs and documentation. 

LICENSING AGREEMENT
This document is a legal agreement between you, the end user, and ParaType Inc. 
By using or installing delivered software, you are agreeing to become bound by 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

GRANT OF LICENSE
The owner of copyright grants you the right to use the font(s) on any number of 
computers. 

You may NOT rent, lease, sublicense, give, lend, or further distribute the Font Software, 
except as expressly provided herein. 

ADDITIONAL GRANT OF LICENSE
If you have developed your own fonts on the basis of the given font, transformed the 
given font, partially or completely, in any other format, you have a right to use 
them in accordance with the restrictions indicated in current Agreement. You can 
distribute fonts, letters and other characters developed by you only if you have 
obtained a special Licensing Agreement signed by authorized representatives of the 
Owners of Copyrights. 
In case you violate the given Agreement ParaType Inc. have the right to stop acting 
of the given Agreement in one-sided order. In this case you are obliged to do away 
with all the copies of the font(s) and all the data you have developed using the given 
Font Software. ParaType Inc. reserves the right to appeal to proper body in case of 
violation of the Agreement in order to protect its interests on the basis of legislation 
currently in force. 

COPYRIGHTS
The software products included in complete set of delivery are the property of 
ParaType Inc., and are protected by the laws of United States, international 
copyright agreement and other laws covering copyright protection for computer 
software, hardware and other information technologies, active in the end user's 
country, as well as by the terms and conditions set out in this Licensing Agreement, 
which are binding on those who have entered into this Licensing Agreement and have, 
thereby, accepted its terms and conditions. In accordance with the laws of the end 
user's country ParaType Inc. maintains exclusive copyrights for the software. The 
copying of any manuals or other materials included in this software package is 
expressly prohibited. 

NO WARRANTIES
ParaType Inc. expressly disclaims any warranty for the font(s). The font(s) and any related 
documentation is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, 
including, without limitation, the implied warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular 
purpose, or noninfringement. The entire risk arising out of use or performance of the font(s)
remains with you. 

NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
In no event shall ParaType Inc. be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, 
damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, 
or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use this product, even if 
ParaType Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 

If you have any questions concerning this Licensing Agreement, please e-mail to ParaType:
fonts@paratype.com.

ParaType Incorporated
PO Box 3617
Saratoga, CA 95070-1617 USA
